https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting.git  ~/.config/shell/bundles/zsh/zsh-syntax-highlighting
https://github.com/copycat-killer/lain.git                ~/.config/awesome/lain
https://github.com/Drauthius/awesome-sharedtags.git       ~/.config/awesome/sharedtags
https://github.com/Glench/Vim-Jinja2-Syntax.git           ~/.vim/bundle/syntax-jinja
https://github.com/Tyil/CamelCaseMotion.git               ~/.vim/bundle/feature-camelcasemotion
https://github.com/airblade/vim-gitgutter.git             ~/.vim/bundle/feature-gitgutter
https://github.com/aklt/plantuml-syntax.git               ~/.vim/bundle/syntax-plantuml
https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig-vim.git      ~/.vim/bundle/feature-editorconfig
https://github.com/joonty/vdebug.git                      ~/.vim/bundle/feature-vdebug
https://github.com/jwalton512/vim-blade.git               ~/.vim/bundle/syntax-blade
https://github.com/kien/ctrlp.vim.git                     ~/.vim/bundle/feature-ctrlp
https://github.com/leafgarland/typescript-vim.git         ~/.vim/bundle/syntax-typescript
https://github.com/mxw/vim-jsx.git                        ~/.vim/bundle/syntax-jsx
https://github.com/nanotech/jellybeans.vim                ~/.vim/bundle/theme-jellybeans
https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive                     ~/.vim/bundle/feature-fugitive
https://github.com/vim-perl/vim-perl6.git                 ~/.vim/bundle/syntax-perl6
https://github.com/vim-syntastic/syntastic.git            ~/.vim/bundle/feature-syntastic
https://github.com/StanAngeloff/php.vim                   ~/.vim/bundle/syntax-php
https://github.com/majutsushi/tagbar                      ~/.vim/bundle/feature-tagbar
https://github.com/sirver/UltiSnips                       ~/.vim/bundle/feature-snippets
https://github.com/honza/vim-snippets                     ~/.vim/bundle/misc-snippets
https://github.com/vim-scripts/Align.git                  ~/.vim/bundle/feature-align
https://github.com/tomasr/molokai                         ~/.vim/bundle/theme-molokai
